[DBM] Add collect_schemas agent config example (#20294)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/dbm-postgres-agent-config-examples.md

      - relation_name: external_seller_products
```

### Collecting schemas
To enable this feature, use the `collect_schemas` option. Additionally, follow the steps in [Monitoring relation metrics for multiple logical databases](#monitoring-relation-metrics-for-multiple-logical-databases).

> 

Author: Is there anywhere I can read about autodisovery? I don't know how it works/how to configure it

      - relation_name: external_seller_products
```

### Collecting schemas

> To enable this feature, use the `collect_schemas` option. Additionally, follow the steps in [Monitoring relation metrics for multiple logical databases](#monitoring-relation-metrics-for-multiple-logical-databases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To collect schemas, use the `collect_schemas` option. You must also [configure the Agent to connect to each logical database](#monitoring-relation-metrics-for-multiple-logical-databases).
```

```

### Collecting schemas
To enable this feature, use the `collect_schemas` option. You must also [configure the Agent to connect to each logical database](#monitoring-relation-metrics-for-multiple-logical-databases).

Use the `database_autodiscovery` option to avoid specifying each logical database. See the sample [postgres.d/conf.yaml](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/postgres/datadog_checks/postgres/data/conf.yaml.example) for more details.

```yaml
init_config:
# This instance only collects data from the `users` database
# and collects relation metrics only from the specified tables
instances:
  - dbm: true
    host: example-service-primary.example-host.com
    port: 5432
    username: datadog
    password: '<PASSWORD>'
    dbname: users
    dbstrict: true
    collect_schemas:
      enabled: true
    relations:
      - products
      - external_seller_products
  # This instance detects every logical database automatically
  # and collects relation metrics from every table
  - dbm: true
    host: example-service–replica-1.example-host.com
    port: 5432
    username: datadog
    password: '<PASSWORD>'
    database_autodiscovery:
      enabled: true

>     dbstrict: true

Reviewer 2: @jmeunier28 AFAIK the `dbstrict` only works when `dbname` is set?

Author: I deleted that since it's not necessary and the explanation kind of says it's only used when a db is specified, I'll merge now
